and fashion all techniques etc I hope that
we're fine we're here in the middle of a
tutorial and good guys if I'm with the
mobile soon I will have the
capturing again and I am a
tutorial on how to change the ball on
shield and everything in ultimate team is worth here
You see my ultimate team until here it's worth it
right now I have the shield of the bayern
demon control interest and all this is worth
and we are here in stadiums and the quality
and what is not good right now and
we are going to leave time for you
you will be like that is that I am playing with a
hand since I'm recording myself with a
we go to our club
here you see transfers my club
cycle
and this to assign it since it will go to
look for the player because you only have to
change it to look for club items
Go here
and you give the triangle
look is the triangle and you look for it and
right now I have the equipment of the
Celtic
here you see the Celtic kit
and this equipment here and that will arrive
we are going to put the shield this
we choose here we give the square and
assign as an asset and that 's it and now
let's take and buy map this
Fucking stadium I wanted to buy from
wembley but it could not be to say that to
I just want it for the tasks of these
you see here completed task yogurt grants
13 and that's it, they change their curves and
well the ball the ball by look
You usually get the same from the jce
squared
assign as article thus assign
article with activated and active is and
it is already so that nothing yes that was proposed
has served you liked and nothing until
the next goodbye
already a lot